Specify how probability sampler is used with ParentOrElse (#704)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/sdk.md

#### Probability

* The `ProbabilitySampler` MUST ignore the parent `SampledFlag`.

>   To respect the parent parent `SampledFlag`, the `ProbabilitySampler` should be used as a delegate of the `ParentOrElse` sampler specified below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To respect the parent `SampledFlag`, the `ProbabilitySampler` should be used as a delegate of the `ParentOrElse` sampler specified below.
```

#### Probability

* The default behavior is to apply the sampling probability only for Spans
  that are root spans (no parent) and Spans with remote parent. However there
  should be configuration to change this to "root spans only", or "all spans".

> * The probability sampler should ignore the parent `SampledFlag`.

Reviewer 2: Note that in Java, the probability sampler also checks parent links' sampled flag. Should we explicitly call out somewhere how to deal with links in regards to sampling? Probably out of scope for this PR though. See https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/blob/v0.6.0/sdk/src/main/java/io/opentelemetry/sdk/trace/Samplers.java#L234

Reviewer 3: Oh, good point. It sounds 'big' enough to be done in its own issue/PR.

> * The probability sampler should ignore the parent `SampledFlag`.
>   To respect the parent flag, the probability sampler should be used as a delegate of the `ParentOrElse` sampler specified below.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* The probability sampler MUST ignore the parent `SampledFlag`.
  To respect the parent flag, the probability sampler has to be used as a delegate of the `ParentOrElse` sampler specified below.
```

Reviewer 2: Please be consistent about "probability sampler" vs "`ParentOrElse` sampler".

Author: Going to keep your MUST change, but I think "has to" is not strictly true since it could be used with some other sampler that delegates also.

>   To respect the parent flag, the `ProbabilitySampler` should be used as a delegate of the `ParentOrElse` sampler specified below.

Reviewer: +1, but this still somewhat contradicts the paragraph on L116. I am not sure if references to root spans or remote spans are at all relevant.

Author: bc9dad584570cf4f9fc8cafa7b097385288fdf6a
